Don't worry about that.
I have promised my parents
Won't worry him anymore
OK
See when you have arrived recently.
Husband, we have gone up two more points.
It's already 7 o'clock
70,000. That's great
Much better than some people who don't pretend to understand
What should Mr. Xia do?
Yiqiu, you once said
Let the investors go crazy and grab the stocks of Medicine Talisman Glass
He will raise the price.
But now he has fallen like this
Who would buy it?
That's right, it's time to fart. Good news
What's the good news?
The good news is to make investors feel
Stocks have room to rise
Let investors feel
This stock has room for appreciation in the future
They will go crazy buying
So what do we do now?
I can only ask reporter Liu for help.
Hey stop
You can't go
Yo how
I see it doesn't work.
Ready to run, no running
I just take the glass according to my medicine
It's not the trash can you bought to rise.
Has fallen below the issue price
You expect him to grow up?
I really think of myself as a character
I still want to manipulate the stock price
Of course, if I wanted to
No matter how rubbish the stock is, I can make it go up